Well come back in this lesson where you look at anonymous functions.
So anonymous functions are different than Nemed functions.
Basically an anonymous function can sit in a variables so just call it variable A and then with this
variable where you have a function and where you can actually take a parameter in there.
So we're going to take the value of b and then we're going to do something with the value of p.
So let's first set up our output so that we actually have a document object to document get element
by id and grab output
so that we can output to the inner edged him out.
So basically what I want to help him with this function is I want to output to the interface TNL
and say welcome to and then us function
and then next to this where I'd be.
So we see what happens.
So because this is an anonymous function we're actually not going to see anything happen in the output
because just like functions we need to execute them.
But they're going to work similar but also differently.
So if I select a I can see that I've got the content of my nonna's function.
If I do a round of brackets we're actually going to see the output but we get this undefined because
it's actually expecting a parameter.
So you can type in a parameter there.
And now when we do a and we pass the value of test and as an arguments into the parameters here we see
welcome to an anonymous function test.
And the difference between anonymous functions and main functions is that anonymous functions actually
only exist after they've been called by the program to execute it.
So this actually exists in two.
We call them whereas the functions can be accessed from anywhere within the program.
And the other big difference between an anonymous function being assigned via a variable is that if
I take the variable of a and I resign it I mean no that Javascript has this dynamic type or you can
switch between numbers and strings but we can also reassign these variables from containing an anonymous
function to just having on a string value.
So now for it to a I get that string value returned.
If I go into a with the parentheses there's no function attached to it anymore so I've gotten rid of
that anonymous function and the use case for anonymous functions is just that if you do need to have
a more dynamic capability of writing in different changing functions so that they're not all the same.
Then we can have more flexibility when we're creating our functions by using this type of method with
the variables.
That's not what I want you to do is try it for yourself and update it and create an anonymous function
assigned to a variable and then call that function and then update a function or update the variable
to hold just a regular value.
So go ahead try it for yourself.
And in the next lesson we're going to look at even more that you can do with anonymous functions.